Clarify need for theme permission (#29621)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/theme/getcurrent/index.md

### Parameters

- `windowId` {{optional_inline}}

>   - : `integer`. The ID of a window. If this is provided, the theme applied on that window is provided. If it is omitted, the theme applied on the last focused window is provided.

Reviewer: Nit, there is quite some repetition of the work "provided" in this phrase. Not a big deal but would be nice if we could reword it to not repeating it that much, e.g. something like:

> If this is provided, the theme resolved will be the one applied on that window. If it is omitted, the theme resolved will be the one applied to the last focused window.

wdyt?

Author: Well worth doing - and done - thanks for the prompt review @rpl

>   - : `integer`. The ID of a window. If this is provided, the theme applied on that window is provided. If it is omitted, the theme applied on the last focused window is provided.

Author: ```suggestion
  - : `integer`. The ID of a window. If this is provided, the theme resolved is the one applied to that window. If it is omitted, the theme resolved is the one applied to the most recently focused window.
```
